PR template (#2003)
Codeception/CodeceptJS: PR_TEMPLATE.md

## Motivation/Description of the PR

> - A link to the issue (for bugfixes) or a description of the new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Description of this PR, which problem does it solve
- A link to the corresponding issue (if applicable).
```

- Screenshot if any

## Type of change

- [ ] Breaking changes
- [ ] New functionnality
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Documentation change/update
- [ ] Hot fix

## Checklist:

<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] Tests have been added

> - [ ] Documentation has been added

Reviewer: Maybe to mention above or below this section on how to update documentation...

## Motivation/Description of the PR

Applicable helpers:

[ ] Webdriver
[ ] Puppeteer
[ ] Nightmare
[ ] REST
[ ] Appium
[ ] Protractor
[ ] TestCafe

- Description of this PR, which problem it solves
- A link to the corresponding issue (if applicable).

## Type of change

- [ ] Breaking changes
- [ ] New functionnality
- [ ] Bug fix
- [ ] Documentation change/update
- [ ] Hot fix
- [ ] Markdown files fix - not related to source code

## Checklist:

<!--- Go over all the following points, and put an `x` in all the boxes that apply. -->
<!--- If you're unsure about any of these, don't hesitate to ask. We're here to help! -->
- [ ] Tests have been added
- [ ] Documentation has been added (Run `robo docs`)

> - [ ] Lint checking (Run `npm run lint`)

Reviewer 2: Lint and the test running on each push and in the pipeline, why is this added to checklist?

Author: with some PRs, I still see the lint issues, so better to add this so they could fix it before committing.
